[ominous instrumental music]
The timing of my
strategy is critical.
The last two God candidates
must kill each other
with White Arrows within
point one-five seconds.
That way, no creature
will be generated.
I've gotta tell you,
professor, I don't get it.
Let's assume you're right,
and whoever gets chosen from
the group of God candidates,
becomes the "creature."
What's so wrong with that?
The simple answer to your
question, young lady,
is that humans should
decide how humanity ends.
Humans decide how humanity ends?
I have no idea what
that even means.
I think I do.
Ogaro said God has the
power to end humankind.
But Red said he would
never do such a thing
if he became God.
You're being hasty.
We haven't yet established
what might happen
to a person's mind, once
they become the creature.
The creature seems
to lack the ability
to communicate with humans.
So far, it hasn't communicated
a single thing to us.
All we really know about
the creature is this:
if no-one replaces it through
the God-candidate process,
the current false God
will die in 790 days.
Because of the wall of
silence that exists,
humans won't even notice
the death of this false God.
This is the first time I've
heard of a 999-day time limit.
So the God selection process
is linked to God's lifespan?
I do know it's true
that God can't directly
communicate his will
to human beings.
Muni might be feeding
lies to the professor.
What?
Let's begin by discussing
how humanity ends.
S'cuse me?
It won't be due to
the death of the sun,
or some catastrophe or freak
weather event here on Earth,
but in the
not-too-distant future,
humanity will experience
an extinction event.
What?
What happened to your claim
that the whole race
would attain immortality
sometime in the near future?
We're going to acquire
that within 300 years.
Either by replacing all but
our minds with machinery,
or by transplanting our
minds into younger bodies.
That's just an old sci-fi trope.
Not true.
I've read about it.
It's not fiction.
In fact, it could become
reality in the near future.
Once humans have acquired
the secret to immortality,
what do you imagine
they'll want next?
Any ideas?
[small nervous gasps]
Time itself.
They'll want to transcend
the very concept of time,
so they can take control of it.
They'll be compelled to
know and see the future.
In other words, the
ultimate form of prediction.
And believe me, they'll
eventually achieve it.
However...
Once the human race has
taken this giant step forward
and learned everything
the future holds,
our species will lose all hope.
[small stunned breaths]
You understand, don't you?
Once people learn what their
predetermined paths are,
it will bring about a
feeling of meaninglessness.
We'll only be able to
submit to the flow of time.
Even if we try to
change the future,
we'll discover that our attempts
and their outcomes
are predetermined.
Humans will lose
the will to live,
followed by a steep
rise in suicides.
In the end, humans
will simply give up.
When all is said and done,
we will have paid
far too heavy a price
for scientific progress.
Unfortunately, humanity's
inquisitive spirit
can't be stopped.
In the near future,
humanity will lose all hope,
and march towards
its extinction.
So Red, are you still okay
with becoming the creature?
Yes, I am.
[small happy gasp]
Then this can conclude
in only one of two ways.
Either you become the creature
or I find a way to stop you.
I wonder if it would be
possible to talk in private,
just the two of us?
Fine with me.
Well, if Red says it's fine.
Yumiki.
Take the other three to safety.
Head to--
I have an idea.
How about the guest house
where we were staying before?
That'll work.
--Huh?
--What about you?
I'm going to remain here.
Of course, I won't say anything.
I just want to see how
the conversation ends.
[opening theme music]
[Reporter] The God
candidates have split up
into two groups.
It appears that Professor
Yoneda and Mirai Kakehashi
are about to have a
one-on-one conversation.
I'll ask you again.
Will you become a
false God or not?
Shall I assume you
still intend to?
Yes.
[Yoneda] Even if it's all a lie?
Bottom line, even if it's
all fake, like you say,
nobody will want
to kill themselves
just because I've become God.
However, if nobody steps
up and becomes God,
some will lose all hope
and end their lives.
I want as many people
as possible to live.
I want them to be happy.
This is a goal worthy
of a God candidate.
It's what Mirai
has always wanted,
and nothing has
changed his mind.
Happiness, you say?
As a human, making
other people happy
would be your ultimate goal?
As long as everybody's
brain is different,
happiness will never be
something that can be measured
simply by dopamine
and adrenaline values.
A person's tendency for
appreciation or resentment,
impacts their capacity
for happiness.
Resentment.
I think the worst thing a
person can do in this world
is to hate another person.
Nothing good ever comes of it.
It's no good for your
own mind, of course,
it's no good for others, either.
Happiness is an idea based
on personal experience.
One attains it only in
comparison with unhappiness.
I'm aware of that.
But finding your own happiness
by making other people happy,
isn't a bad thing.
And besides, I'm pretty sure
becoming God won't kill me.
As long as I'm alive, I won't
give up on finding happiness
as a human being.
Sorry, but I don't
trust a person
who says things like that.
He only cares about himself.
I'm cool with that as
long as we have peace.
I don't know how I feel
about a child becoming God
and looking down on me.
After your experience
with Kakehashi,
you don't object to him
becoming God, do you?
I think I might want him to.
I was kinda moved when
he talked about happiness
and not giving up on it.
So we're back here again, huh?
When we were talking earlier,
you said you wanted as many
people as possible to live,
but for you to ultimately
become the creature,
at the very least,
one person must die.
Do you understand the dynamic?
Very clearly.
Alright, then.
To ascend, you will
have to kill me,
the one candidate
who will never agree
to you becoming the creature.
But I find it hard to believe
you possess that resolve.
I'm ready.
[surprised gasps]
[ominous instrumental music]
Hey, hold on a minute!
Red's pointing his White Arrow!
This isn't good!
We should head back.
[door opens]
[startled gasp]
What's going on here?
You all need to do what I say.
If not, I'll be
forced to kill you.
You little bastard!
This whole thing was a trap?
It's just until their
conversation is over.
We want to prevent the
birth of the creature.
Ms. Yumiki.
[startled gasp]
[Temari] It didn't pierce him!
If you defy me,
I have no choice!
Run, Ms. Yumiki!
Please don't try anything else.
Looks like we're stuck.
Hopefully, Red can deal
with this situation.
Are you really
prepared to shoot me?
It's a simple matter of numbers.
One death is going to be
much better than many.
You can do this, Mirai.
It's a pointless exercise.
If you shoot, I'll use my
Wings to dodge your Arrow,
so you might as well...
At least he knows
you're not bluffing.
I'm surprised.
I never imagined you'd fire
a White Arrow
without hesitation.
Maybe it's because I
heard what you had to say.
Well, in that event,
it was worth saying,
wouldn't you agree?
There's a question I
want you to answer.
You said before what's important
to humankind is our future,
but humanity faces extinction.
And what's more,
it'll happen from too
much scientific progress.
If so...
Why not steer science
in a direction
that won't cause
the end of humanity?
Because in the end, humanity
is destined to fall.
Listen to me.
The past can't be changed.
It's been written.
So, do you understand that much?
Sure, that's pretty obvious.
It's not a case of
understanding it or not.
And once the present goes
by, it becomes the past.
Do you understand that, too?
Yes, that's obvious as well.
The universe, then, from its
beginning to its very end,
is a series of
consecutive moments.
It doesn't matter which
moment you focus on,
when you view it from the
moment that succeeds it,
it automatically
becomes the past.
You follow me?
He's saying what's
going to happen
is already written because
it'll become the
past in the future?
No.
He's saying there is
no 'in the future',
because every predetermined
moment exists simultaneously.
Stop, you're making
my head spin.
Your theory's interesting.
But only God has seen
our beginning and end.
He's the only one
who can confirm it.
That's the limit of
your understanding
regarding this subject?
Let me see if I can
make it any clearer.
The universe is unimaginably
large and complex.
Millions and billions
of years exist
within the span of a moment.
And captured within that moment
are an infinite number of
births and extinctions.
Your failure to comprehend
that dynamic poses no problem.
The simple truth
of the matter is,
it's been predetermined that
more than a century from now,
I will be proven right,
and people will come to
embrace this reality.
The predetermined actions
I've chosen to take now,
are designed to get us
safely to that future.
That's all fine with me.
Except you're only interested
in reaching your
own ideal future.
You talk about things like
'For the world',
'For the future',
but you're just doing
it for yourself.
All humans only
live for themselves,
and in the end, you're
really no different.
We try our best to
achieve our ideals.
That's what makes us happy.
Your ideal is for
the selection process
to create no false God,
and for no God to exist.
But that would just
cost too many lives.
Ending this with as few lives
lost as possible, is my ideal.
It's also what
would make me happy.
The future is the
product of the present.
It's not predetermined.
So in order to
seize my own future,
I must kill you.
Acknowledged.
But you won't be saying
that for much longer.
Because I've done a
little research on you.
This battle's already over.
[startled gasp]
Yoneda!
What's the meaning of this?
Don't you get it?
You're being forced
to make a choice here.
Not about what's for
dinner, but who will die.
So let me ask you again.
Will you give up on
becoming a false God?
Yellow's life hangs
in the balance.
You may find this
method extreme,
but for now, it's the surest way
to prevent the birth
of a false God.
And now you have to decide.
You have 28 seconds
to make up your mind.
[intense instrumental music]
Didn't you say causing
trouble for others
was the very last
thing you wanted to do?
This is a complete reversal.
It seems to me that
killing someone else
is the most trouble
you can cause for them.
Come to think of it, what
happened to killing yourself?
Well, I had to put that
plan on hold for awhile.
There's something I have
to do with the professor.
That's now my top priority.
Kakehashi, you're
running out of time.
Fine, then.
I won't become God.
[small nervous/fear gasps]
[Announcer A] God
candidate Mirai Kakehashi
has just announced he's
giving up on becoming God.
Assuming no-one else steps up,
does this mean there
will be no new God?
[Announcer B] Mirai
Kakehashi says
he's dropping out of
the race to become God.
At the moment,
there's a good chance
no new God will be chosen.
That's no good for me.
I had a deal.
There has to be a God.
Smart choice.
What do you think Yellow
will say when she hears this?
I'm guessing it'll
be something like
'It doesn't matter what happens
to me, just kill Yoneda'.
S'cuse me?
She didn't say that at all.
Anyway, Red, I have to say I'm
pretty disappointed in you.
When you said you wouldn't do
anything if you became God,
I thought that was
a rational response,
that you were someone who was
capable of calm decisions.
But it seems I may
have overestimated you.
A mere 12 minutes
and 49 seconds ago,
you called your action 'a
simple matter of numbers,'
and said how killing me
could ultimately save
millions of lives.
But now, instead of
becoming a champion
in defense of humanity,
you're willing to forsake
those millions of
lives for Yellow.
--After all that talk...
--He rolled over for his girl.
What a jerk.
False God or not,
I'm glad somebody like him
wasn't chosen for the job.
I can tell you this much,
if I were in your position,
I never would have made
such a stupid choice.
As far as you're concerned
in the order of things,
Yellow's life is
the most precious
followed by the lives
of millions of others,
followed by me, right?
You're not wrong.
Saki Hanakago is the most
important person in my life.
[small surprised breath]
[small happy breath]
The "most," huh?
I dislike it when people
mindlessly call someone
who happens to be close to them
"the most important
person to me."
"Most important" and "soulmate"
are the desperate
delusions of weak minds.
They're merely illusions.
There are more than
7.7 billion people
currently living on this planet.
And simply because
you're unable to control
the common animal instinct
that has compelled
males and females
to desire one another
since primeval times,
you've now given up the pursuit
of becoming a false God.
Professor.
You're not whole.
I believe you may be lacking
something as a human.
You have written.
You believe, friendship,
lovers, and companionship
are just tools used in novels
to entertain the reading public.
I said "love, friendship,
and companionship."
And that, in general,
not only do people fail to
acquire them, but when they do,
they are almost always
betrayed in the end.
Precisely.
I confess.
There was a time when I
felt exactly the same way.
[small startled breath]
You stink!
Don't you ever take a bath?
[Kids] Pigsty, Pigsty, Pigsty.
Right now I'm only 15.
Even if I say she's the
one I care about most,
we may not be together
our whole lives.
What?
But it doesn't make any
sense to reject friendship
and love as simply "illusions."
You shouldn't say
things like that.
But the reason you do
is because you haven't
interacted with people.
Because you don't
understand how people feel.
Anybody who's
genuinely been in love
would never be able to say that.
There's nothing wrong
with the choice I made.
Know what?
Because I love her, it
was the only choice.
Listen to that!
Hey, Saki, I'm really jealous.
And you, edgelord,
I bet you've never
truly loved someone.
Shut your mouth!
Touchy!
Very impressive.
What a marvelous thing to say.
In fact, it's going to
make your next choice
all the more meaningful.
What does he mean,
my next choice?
It all comes down to this.
Which one of you
is going to die?
You or Yellow?
[fright gasps]
Even if you've given up on the
idea of becoming a false God,
the bottom line is this: I
can't allow you to leave here.
When this conversation was
ultimately narrowed down
to just the two of us,
you must have realized
that one of us
would finally end up
killing the other.
Once again, you have 28 seconds.
The challenge is this:
Will you let my
White Arrow hit you?
Or will you let Yellow be killed
by Shuji Nakaumi's White Arrow?
Of course, if you choose to die,
but then dodge my White Arrow,
that will be considered
cheating, and in the end,
Yellow will die.
Hey, Revel!
Tell Mirai I'm alright, and not
to give in to the professor!
Saki--
Don't do it!
If either you or
Yazeli leave here,
I swear I'll kill everyone.
Do it anyway!
It's alright.
I can't, Saki.
If I have to choose a life,
yours is more important.
Our partners should be
entrusted with these matters.
Alright.
Time to begin.
Obviously, the professor
thinks I'll choose to die.
That's interesting,
since my White Arrow
is as powerful as his.
In fact, for me, the best
way out of this situation
would actually be to kill him.
If I die here, you'll
guarantee Yellow's safety?
And Temari?
She says she can't go on living
unless she gets to
keep her Red Arrow.
I believe that what she's
really looking
for here is money.
I have no objection
to supporting her
so she can live in
the style she wishes.
What's that?
The professor is willing
to become my sugar daddy?
This might work out for me,
no matter who ends up winning.
The professor's lying,
and they don't know it.
To prevent the creature
from being created,
all the God candidates must die.
And Red will have to die first.
He's our biggest obstacle.
If the professor has to lie
to defeat him, so be it.
Listen, Mirai, don't do this.
I came here to make you happy,
and one of the necessities
would be for you to stay alive.
You can't find
happiness if you die.
You have to find happiness
for the sake of your
dead family, too.
Don't forget, you
picked yourself back up
even after your family
was taken from you.
So you shouldn't assume
you'll never be happy
again if Saki dies.
[intense instrumental music]
Time's almost up.
[Mirai] Know what?
You can have this one.
Thanks, Mirai.
Look at that, a yellow ladybug.
[Mirai] He's actually the
one who found the clover.
They say ladybugs bless
people with happiness.
I really want to live!
You've been so upset since
this God business started.
I just wish we could smile
together like this forever.
[intense instrumental music]
The truth is, I love you, Mirai.
I have to put her first.
Saki's life is more important.
Time's up.
Nakaumi, if Red flees,
I want you to shoot Yellow.
[ominous instrumental music]
[closing theme music]